---
layout: default 
title: App Development Rules 
resource: true 
categories: [overview] 
--- 
# App Development Rules

The following obligations apply to your use of the Panoptix® API, Johnson Controls Content, and tools
 
## Security
 
You agree to access and handle the Panoptix API, Johnson Controls Content, and tools in a secure manner. You will report to Johnson Controls in writing any violations of the security of your systems that access the Panoptix API or provide access to Johnson Controls Content or tools. Johnson Controls reserves the right to audit the security measures you have established for your applications.
 
## Use of Johnson Controls Intellectual Property
 
As a condition to launching an application, Johnson Controls may require that you use certain Johnson Controls intellectual property including, without limitation, Panoptix trademarks. Johnson Controls shall have sole discretion to determine the Johnson Controls intellectual property to be used in connection with a particular application, if any, and the terms governing use of such Johnson Controls intellectual property. You may not create derivatives of Johnson Controls intellectual property, or use the Panoptix name or any other Johnson Controls trademarks in the title of your application. Your use of Johnson Controls intellectual property, the Panoptix API, Johnson Controls Content, and tools may not (i) imply in any way that Johnson Controls endorses you or your company’s products/services or (ii) portray Johnson Controls in a negative manner (as determined by Johnson Controls in its sole discretion).
 
## Use of Our Content
 
You may not modify, change, add to, or edit the Johnson Controls Content. You agree to delete any Johnson Controls Content upon Johnson Controls’s request, if Johnson Controls disables the Panoptix API, or upon termination of your API Usage Agreement with Johnson Controls. You agree to configure your applications to request only Johnson Controls Content that is needed by such application. You may not: (i) use any Johnson Controls Content, the Panoptix API, or tools for any commercial purpose, except as provided in a commercialization agreement with Johnson Controls; or (ii) redistribute the Johnson Controls Content or tools except within your applications.
 
## Downloadable Content
 
In the event that Johnson Controls offers downloads of software on a Panoptix Developer Community Site and you download such software, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by Johnson Controls or third-party licensors for your application development purpose only and are subject to any terms and conditions applicable to such Software.
 
## API Volume
 
Johnson Controls will set quotas for the Panoptix API. You agree to notify Johnson Controls if you believe you need to exceed the expected call volumes.
 
## Charges for Accessing the Panoptix API
 
Johnson Controls may charge a fee to access the Panoptix API, Johnson Controls Content, or a particular tool. Johnson Controls may change such fee at any time.